# Electric Vehicle segmentation
Breaking down the problem, Based on the data collected on the Electric Vehicles, we have different properties of the cars like Boot space (storage space), Range (Number of km per full charge), Transmission (ex: Manual, Automatic), etc.
First, We can Analyze the cars which have more storage space (to carry cargo) based on the Boot Space value of cars. Analyzing the cars which have more Range. 
Analyze other properties of cars like Transmission type. Analyze the properties like Boot Space, Range w.r.t the Car style (Suden, SUV, etc) After statistical analysis (Descriptive analysis, EDA) and bivariate analysis, we performed segment extraction.
Finally, using different clustering Algorithms like KNN, and hierarchical clustering techniques.
Pre-processing techniques like cleaning the null values and imputation of null values with mean are used to get rid of null values. Categorical attributes are encoded with the appropriate encoding technique (Label / Ordinal Encoding) used for the numerical conversion of object data types. The values of the attributes are scaled before the clustering algorithm implementation
Libraries used: Pandas and Numpy Scikit Learn Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Plotly Express
The potential segments considered apart from the Geographic, Demographic, Psychographic, and Behavioral segments are different properties of the Electric Vehicles For example, we could create a segment of "low-cost sedans with automatic transmissions" or a segment of "high-end SUVs with manual transmissions."
These types of segments can be extracted using features of EVs Range (km/full charge) - The range of the electric cars can be used to create segments such as "long-range electric cars" and "short-range electric cars". Boot Space - The storage space of Electric Vehicles also can be used to create segments such as “high boot space and high range represent a small group of vehicles that are well-suited for long-distance travel and carrying a lot of cargo.
